For English:

Courtrooms are composed of halls. The halls have capacity and block information and are distinguished by hall numbers.
Courts have a court number and a name.
Addresses are determined by their coordinates. Each address has city and district information.
A court is located at only one address. An address may have no courts, or it may have multiple courts.
A court has at least one and at most many people. A person can be part of zero to many courts.
People are divided into officials and citizens. Each person is identified by a national ID number, and each person has a first name, last name, phone number, and gender.
A person can be an official, a citizen, or both.
The total number of people and personnel in the court should also be recorded.
If a person is an official, they must be either a lawyer, judge, or prosecutor. If they are a citizen, they can be a defendant, plaintiff, or witness. They may also be none of these.
Officials have registration numbers and are divided into judges, lawyers, and prosecutors based on their profession.
Citizens have marital status (married, single) and email information. Citizens are categorized according to their roles (defendant, plaintiff, witness).
A person is located at only one address. An address may have no people, or it may have multiple people.
Judges have seniority levels, and lawyers have areas of expertise.
Prosecutors have authority, workday, and working hour information.
The gender and profession of plaintiffs are recorded.
Defendant's age and criminal record (clean, dirty) are recorded.
Witnesses have types of testimony information.
A witness must testify in at least one crime. They can testify in multiple crimes. A crime may have no witnesses or multiple witnesses.
A plaintiff files at least one and at most many lawsuits. A lawsuit is filed by at least one and at most one plaintiff.
A plaintiff is defended by at least zero and at most one lawyer. A lawyer defends at least one and at most many plaintiffs.
Lawsuits are distinguished by case numbers. Each lawsuit has a date and time.
A judge oversees at least one and at most many lawsuits. A lawsuit is overseen by only one judge.
Penalties are distinguished by penalty numbers, and each penalty has a type, amount, and deterrence level.
A judge may issue no penalties or multiple penalties. A penalty is issued by only one judge.
Crimes have numbers and types.
A defendant may have committed no crimes or multiple crimes. A crime may not have been committed or may have been committed by multiple defendants.
The date, time, and city information of the committed crimes are also important.
Evidence is listed by evidence numbers. They have degrees (direct, indirect) and consistency characteristics.
Evidence is found by only one prosecutor. A prosecutor may find no evidence or multiple pieces of evidence.
A prosecutor may investigate at most one crime or not investigate any crime. A crime may not be investigated by any prosecutor or may be investigated by at most one prosecutor.
A defendant may not be interrogated or may be interrogated by only one prosecutor. A prosecutor may interrogate multiple defendants or not interrogate any defendants.
A defendant may not consult a lawyer or may consult multiple lawyers. A lawyer must be consulted by only one defendant.
Case files are created by prosecutors and have decision numbers and minutes numbers. They are distinguished from each other by file numbers.
A case file must be created by only one prosecutor. A prosecutor may create no case files or multiple case files.
A lawyer must review at least one case file. They may review multiple case files. A case file is reviewed by only one lawyer.
A file within the CaseFile table is associated with zero or more files simultaneously. A file must be associated with zero or one file.
A plaintiff may not consult a lawyer or may consult multiple lawyers. A lawyer must be consulted by only one plaintiff.
A defendant is defended by at least zero and at most one lawyer. A lawyer defends at least one and at most many defendants.






For Turkish:

Mahkeme Salonlardan oluşur. Salonların kapasitesi ve blok bilgisi mevcuttur ve birbirlerinden Salon numarasıyla ayrılırlar.
Mahkemelerin Mahkeme numarası ve adı vardır.
Adresler koordinatlarına göre belirlenir. Her adresin İl ve İlçe bilgisi mevcuttur.
Bir mahkeme yalnızca bir adreste bulunur. Bir adreste hiç mahkeme bulunmayabilir, birden çok mahkeme de bulunabilir.
bir mahkemede en az 1 en çok çok kişi vardır. bir kişi en az sıfır en çok çok mahkemede bulunur. 
Kişiler Yetkili ve vatandaş olarak ikiye ayrılır. her bir kişi Tc kimlik numarasıyla ayırt edilir ve her kişinin adı,soyadı,telefon numarası ve cinsiyeti vardır.
Bir kişi ya yetkili ya vatandaş ya da her ikisi birden olabilir. 
Mahkemedeki toplam kişi ve personal sayısı da kayıt altında tutulmalıdır.
Kişi eğer yetkiliyse avukat,hakim ya da savcıdan yalnızca biri olmak zorundadır. Vatandaş ise davalı(sanık),davacı ya da şahit olabilir. hiçbiri olmayadabilir.
yetkililerin sicil no bilgisi vardır ve mesleklerine göre Hakim,Avukat ve Savcı olarak ayrılırlar.
vatandaşların medeni hal(evli,bekar) ve email bilgisi mevcuttur. Vatandaşlar rollerine göre (Davalı,Davacı,Şahit) ayrılırlar.
Bir kişi yalnızca bir adreste bulunur. Bir adreste hiç kişi bulunmayabilir, birden çok kişi de bulunabilir.
hakimlerin kıdemlilik derecesi, avukatların ise uzmanlık alanları vardır.
savcıların yetkisi, çalışma günü ve çalışma saati bilgileri mevcuttur.
Davacıların cinsiyeti ve meslekleri kayıt altında tutulur.
Davalı sanıkların yaş bilgisi ve sabıkası(temiz,kirli) vardır.
Şahitlerin tanıklık türü bilgisi vardır. 
bir şahit en az bir suça tanıklık etmek zorundadır. Birden çok şuta da tanıklık edebilir. Bir suça hiç kimse tanıklık etmemiş olabilir ya da birden çok şahit tanıklık edebilir.

Bir davacı en az bir en çok çok dava açar. Bir dava en az bir en çok bir davacı tarafından açılır.
bir davacı en az sıfır en çok bir avukat tarafından savunulur. Bir avukat en az bir en çok çok davacıyı savunur.
Davalar birbirinden dava numaraları ile ayrılır. Her davanın tarihi ve saati vardır.
Bir hakim en az bir en çok çok davayı yönetir. Bir dava yalnızca bir hakim tarafından yönetilir.
Cezalar ceza numaralarına göre ayrılır ve her cezanın türü,miktarı ve caydırıcılık seviyesi vardır.
bir hakim, hiç ceza vermeyebileceği gibi birden çok ceza da verebilir. Bir ceza yalnızca bir hakim tarafından verilir.

Suçların numaraları ve türleri vardır.
Bir davalı hiç suç işlememiş olabilir ya da birden fazla suç işlemiş olabilir. Bir suç hiç işlenmemiş ya da birden çok davalı tarafından işlenmiş olabilir.
işlenilen suçların tarihi,saati ve şehir bilgileri de önemlidir.

kanıtlar kanıt numaralarına göre listelenir. Derece(doğrudan,dolaylı) ve tutarlılık özelliklerine sahiptirler.
bir kanıt yalnızca bir savcı tarafından bulunur. Bir savcı hiç kanıt bulamayabilir ya da birden çok kanıt bulabilir.
bir savcı en fazla bir suçu araştırabilir ya da hiçbir suçu araştırmaz. bir suç, hiçbir savcı tarafından araştırılmaz ya da en fazla bir savcı tarafından araştırılır.

bir davalı hiç sorgulanmayabilir ya da yalnızca bir savcı tarafından sorgulanır. Bir savcı birden çok davalıyı sorgulayabilir ya da hiç davalıyı sorgulamayabilir.
bir davalı hiç avukata danışmayabilir ya da birden çok avukata danışır. bir avukat yalnızca bir davalı tarafından danışılmak zorundadır.
dava dosyaları savcılar tarafından oluşturulur ve Karar numaraları, Tutanak numaraları vardır. Birbirlerinden dosya numaraları ile ayrılırlar.
Bir dava dosyası yalnızca bir savcı tarafından oluşturulmak zorundadır. Bir savcı hiç dava dosyası oluşturmayabilir ya da birden çok dosya oluşturabilir.
bir avukat en az bir dava dosyası incelemek zorundadır. Birden fazla dava dosyası da inceleyebilir. Bir dava dosyası yalnızca bir avukat tarafından incelenir.
DavaDosyası tablosu içerisindeki bir Dosya, sıfır veya daha fazla Dosya ile aynı zamanda İlişkilidir. Bir Dosyanın sıfır ya da bir Dosyayla İlişkisi Olmalıdır.
bir davacı hiç avukata danışmayabilir ya da birden çok avukata danışır. bir avukat yalnızca bir davacı tarafından danışılmak zorundadır.
bir davalı en az sıfır en çok bir avukat tarafından savunulur. Bir avukat en az bir en çok çok davalıyı savunur.











